### List of Feature Requests

* The Workspace notes section only allows embedding (and not uploading) images, audio files, etc.

* It would be nice to have the ability to upload markdown files directly into notes Workspace; currently, they open in a seperate tab as raw text document, I think.

* You need calendar integration, copying events from your university schedule or your existing calendar into notibly will be a large enough issue that will effect user retention IMO.

* Swap out the textarea element on the agenda page with some kind of mini/micro-text editor.

* Notifications would be nice prior to events and to assignment deadlines. The user should be able to customise the parameters regarding when they're notified, for example:
	* I would like to be notifed by:
		* Email
		* SMS
		* Push Notifications
	* This has the added benefit of being able to request permission to use their user data for marketing purposes (SMS messages are much more likely to be read, although I would reserve that until major changes have been made that greatly improve UX and will help keep user retention high) - deffo make that an opt-in checkbox though!

* ~~I know this has been mentioned before, so I won't labour the point, but I can't see all of the courses I'm registered for this academic year without zooming out.~~
	* **This has been fixed, I think.**

* **Suggestion: create a Discord Server for the community surrounding this apps development (I would suggest inviting all the current users). Building meaningful communities is great for all kinds of reasons! Enthusiastic contributors will feel as though they're part of something, which is in itself fufilling - but it'll also look great for the app developers personally, building communities is a fairly trendy thing to do within corporate environments these days and it's encouraged and looked upon as an accomplishment. If you're planning on applying for jobs at some point, it's an additional thing to put on a CV and to discuss in a job interview.**
* 
### List of 'issues'

**Note: These are very rough notes. When I have more time in the future, I'll consider a much more detailed method of report.**

*   ~~The 'recent notes' displayed within cards on the homepage display raw markdown within their 'previews.'~~
* **This has since been fixed.**
