*   **Feature Request: Capability to move notes between courses.**

    *   **Feature Description:**

        *   Fairly self-explanatory; occasionally I'll be writing out a note and realise that I'm in the wrong course; and I simply want to be able to apply the move function, but one level up the filesystem rather than moving it into a more deeply nested folder.

    *   **Additional Information on Feature Request:**

        *   **Motivation for Feature Request:**

            *   If I realise that I'm taking notes in the wrong course, I would just copy the whole note, make a new one in the correct place and the delete the old one; which isn't exactly the end of the world, but it's just a little bit annoying.
            *   Whilst I wouldn't necessarily say this is an important feature to implement, it feels as though it should be there.

        *   **Additional Notes:**

            *   If you decide to implement this, I'd consider it low priority.

<!---->

*   **Feature Request: Add Encryption Functionality**

*   *Note: this is fairly edge-case, as I'm using the app for all kinds of notes, not just university. But I think the primary motivation to implement something like this would be to try and shift liability off of yourselves and on to the end-user if something were to go wrong (e.g. bugs - or features - that allow for public access of viewing notes, data breach, etc).*

*   **Feature Description:**

    *   Under account settings:

        *   An advanced tab

        *   Expands a collapsable container with advanced account settings

        *   Within advanced account settings include Advanced Security & Privacy

        *   Within the Advanced Security & Privacy section include a form with the following fields:

        *   Checkbox: Enable Cryptographically Secured Notes

        *   Include a warning specifying that cryptographically secured notes are not auto-saved, you will need to manually click a save button to retain any changes to secure notes *(I think it's the key generation that is the most computationally intensive part of encryption, but still, you probably don't want to be re-encrypting and re-writing to the DB on every minor change)*.

        *   Checkbox.checked: remove the disabled property from the remainder of the initial form fields.

        *   Include a text input labelled 'Key Passphrase' or 'Key Password'

            *   Include an on-hover tooltip explaining that an RSA key-pair is generated by the server; and whilst you hold both the public and private key, the passphrase you enter is not stored, but will be required to decrypt the note.
            *   Include a warning: if you forget your passphrase, you will not be able to access any cryptographically secured notes.

        *   Include a dropdown labelled: Key Length

            *   Default option: 2048-bit RSA

                *   Option: 3072-bit RSA
                *   Option: 4096-bit RSA

        *   Include a checkbox labelled 'Automatically Encrypt Notes From'

            *   checkbox.checked: enable a selectbox containing the users courses.
            *   Allow the user to select as many courses as they wish.

        *   Include a Submit Button

*   **Additional Information on Feature Request:**

    *   **Motivation for Feature Request:**

        *   I'm starting to use this app quite regularly; and I've created some courses that are not actual courses; but they contain notes that have some potentially sensitive data within them *(for example, I have an appointment with the university related to the disclosure of a diagnosed issue; and that is on my to-do list)*. As such, it would be nice to know that they're secure in the event of a data breach. **Note: in this instance, I really don't care if anyone was to know about that; otherwise I wouldn't be publishing it publicly to GitHub, but it illustrates my point.**
        *   Furthermore, within certain jurisdictions universities take copyright law extremely seriously when it comes to re-publishing any course materials; even if they're included within the body of your own set of notes. If any functionality is added to this application that allows for sharing notes publicly; then you can shift the responsibility for distributing copyright protected materials on to the user, rather than potentially being liable for distribution of materials for which you do not own the copyright for (since it would essentially be your business that is hosting the files). Some universities take this fairly seriously; as it directly effects their potential for profitability.
        *   We were told explicitly that distribution of university materials through websites like CourseHero could constitute academic malpractice and that we could be breaking the law by doing so. But again, this will differ from university to university; and I'm sure it's different in different countries.

    *   **Additional Notes on Feature Request:**

        *   Alternatively, you could simply include a clause within your terms and conditions when registering that specifies that the student is liable for distribution of any copyrighted materials (probably an easier solution).

<!---->

*   **Feature Request: Share My Notes wIth Another Notibly User**

    *   *Note: I'm running out of time to write all of these requests and feedback, so I'm going to be brief with these now.*
    *   Generates a URL that allows other users of the app to view your notes.
    *   Optional: include the ability to for the original author to set permissions on READS and WRITES of shared notes and shared folders for collaborators.
    *   If a user clicks on a generated URL for note-sharing; and if they do not have an account, direct them to sign up for a free account (you'll boost the number of registered users).
    *   *Optional: Request credit card information but state that they will not be charged unless they upgrade their account. However, I would probably avoid this optional feature to request card information until you have a large number of registered, concurrently active users; then I'd perhaps consider switching to a free trail based model where card details are required upon registration.*

<!---->

*   **Feature Request: Push My Notes To GitHub**

    *   fairly self-explanatory.

*I will produce some more feedback and feature requests in due course.*
